fix(button): use appropriate tokens for radii in buttons (#3197)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/soft-ways-drop.md

---
"@spectrum-css/button": minor
---

> Replaces all of occurrences of --spectrum-component-pill-edge-to-text-_ (intended to be used as padding) in the button component with the appropriate corner-radius-_ tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces the use of `--spectrum-component-pill-edge-to-text-*` tokens within the `border-radius` of the button component, as those tokens are intended to be used as padding. The border radius is now a calculated value, using half of `--spectrum-button-height`.
```
